He had a wound on his back and still took this medicine.
Even if you young people want to stimulate you, you can't play like this.
If it's okay, I understand.
He needs to lose his performance these days,
Get some rest and you'll have this.
Once, you asked me by mistake like this,
After I'm done, I'll tell you my injuries,
By then, everything will be over.
This is something. last night,
You called for help. When I went to the early warning hospital,
Look, you raised your voice,
So I will lose you to music.
No, it's not mine.
I don’t understand what your family is saying
Yesterday at the judge’s house
I haven’t contacted my grandpa and I don’t understand.
Mr. Meng is suitable
Made an appointment by the way
Nice to meet you tonight
The company that the examiner came to doesn’t want it anymore.
Then I'll examine them all. What's wrong with them?
It came out